hello and welcome to videojug we are
going to show you how to make chicken
ramen step 1 you will need the following
ingredients to serve to 750 milliliters
of chicken stock 2 tablespoons of peanut
oil 1 and 1/2 leeks chopped 1 carrot
chopped 2 centimeters of ginger peeled
and chopped 2 garlic cloves crushed 2
tablespoons of soy sauce 160 grams of
noodles 1 large chicken breasts six
oysters shrimp 2 eggs hard-boiled 1
spring onion sliced and salt and pepper
here is a handy list of the ingredients
you will also need these utensils to
saucepans a wooden spoon a sieve a
slotted spoon a chopping board a knife a
ladle and a tray step 2 make the broth
heat one of the saw spoons over a
moderate temperature and add the peanut
oil
followed by the leaks swept them
slightly
then have the carrots
crushed garlic and the ginger and cook
for another 2 to 3 minutes next stir in
the chicken stock
and the soy sauce and finally seasoned
with salt and pepper bring to a simmer
and cook for 15 to 20 minutes step 3
sieve the broth place the sieve over the
other saucepan and strain the broth then
put it back on the heat step 4 poach the
chicken and mushrooms place the chicken
followed by the mushrooms into the hot
broth slowly poach for about seven
minutes
don't let it boil keep it over a low
heat if the chicken becomes too hot it
will dry out this way it will stay moist
using the slotted spoon remove the
chicken breast and the mushrooms from
the broth and put aside step 5
cook the noodles add the noodles to the
broth and raise the heat to a simmer
leave them to cook for about 3 minutes
step 6
prepare the chicken moving lengthwise
along the chicken breast cut into fairly
thin slices then take the hard boiled
eggs and chop them in half step 7
serve place the noodles into a soup bowl
and ladle the broth on top then arrange
the mushrooms on one side followed by
the eggs and chicken and finally the
spring onions add a little more broth
and your soup is ready and that's how to
make chicken ramen the videojug way
you